To do list:
Promote windows functions in system class to own class
Add scene management
Redesign Entity class to be abstract, add it as a child to the scene manager, and modify entity children accordingly
Add "custom" scene file (.beep) loader (placeholder extension name - might leave it)
Add quaternions
Add lights and normals to mesh
Add textures and uvs to mesh
Add higher physics
Add physics collision detection
Add animations

Completed list:

1. Created shell project for GitHub.

2. Added System manager
2. Added Graphics manager
2. Added DirectX interface
2. Added Camera manager
2. Added Entity manager
2. Added Model manager 
2. Added ModelInfo containers for passing model info between cores
2. Added Color shader
2. Added Input manager

3. Added Physics manager
3. Added Vectors
3. Added Math constants
3. Added Simple physics calculations (update position and rotation and rotate incoming force vector to forward direction)
3. Updated input for physics

4. Added Assimp interface

5. Updated assimp
5. Added Mesh manager
5. Updated model class to manage submeshes
5. Added comments to a lot of code inside functions
5. Added human.dae model

6. Moved vectors and math header to math library
6. Added Math library (matrices (mxn & square) and vectors and several functions between them)
6. Adjusted physics and input to use math library vectors
6. Added comments to all functions and class function declarations

7. Created model folder for models
7. Moved math library functions into corresponding .cpp files
7. Added more matrix functions

8. Added abstract matrix and vector classes in math library
8. Added AllModelInfo struct to allow the transfer of the model's physics variables to DirectX
8. Added window borders for title, minimize, maximize, and exit
8. Allow for changing resolution by updating DirectX
8. Created key namespace and added several key codes with common names for easy access
8. Converted floats to doubles to fix most warnings
8. Added class description to all header files
8. Added program description to main.cpp
8. Added to do list, completed list, and routine list to UpdateLog.text
8. Separated most longer functions into smaller functions
8. Fixed some warning messages present

9. Added RNG library
9. Added Color library
9. Fixed remainder of warning messages
9. Removed .cpp explanation comments at the top of the file since it is in the header
9. Removed references to NULL and replaced with 0 to maintain consistency

Routine:
Develop single feature from to do list
Code check for improvements (Depth first has been easiest)
	Algorithms
	Comment every function
	Promote what can be to a seperate function to keep functions small (try for < 100 lines)
	Edit class comments as needed
	Make sure every class function declaration has variable names to aid in identifying incoming variables
Submit to Git